Hi, there! Washington, D.C. is a great place to work.
Many people here work in government and politics.
But there are many other jobs.
You can work at a hospital; a university.
You can work in a coffee shop.
Wait a minute, I think I see a friend of mine.
Pete? Is that you?
Hi, Anna.
You look different.
Your beard … is really big.
You don’t like it, do you?
No, no. You just look … different.
So, what’s wrong? You look sad.
I don’t have a job.
Sorry, I can’t hear you.
I do not have a job!
Oh. I’m sorry to hear that, Pete.
I don’t have a skill.
Everyone has a skill.
You need to find yours.
I don’t know, Anna.
Pete, I am good at asking questions.
Let me ask you some.
Really, Anna?
Can you help me?
Yes, I can.
Let me help.
Sure, Anna.
Maybe you can help me.
Can you write code?
Sure, C-O-L-D.
How is this going to help?
No, not “cold.”
Code; you know, for making phone apps, or websites.
You can make tons of money writing code.
Tons of money?
But I can’t code.
Next question.
Can you drive?
Do you mean drive a race car?
It’s really hard to be a race car driver.
First, you need a race car ...
No, I mean drive a taxi or drive a bus.
No, I always fall asleep when I drive.
Oh, that’s not good.
Next question. Can you teach?
You can be a teacher in a school.
No, I cannot teach.
Can you cook?
You can be a chef in a restaurant.
No, I can’t code! I can’t teach! I can’t cook!
Anna, I can’t do anything. This is sad.
I’m gonna write about my feelings in my blog.
You write a blog?
Yeah, I write a blog.
How many followers do you have?
I don’t know … 59,538.
Pete, that's a lot of followers!
You can make money writing!
Writing is easy.
Everyone can write.
Not everyone can write well.
You can be a writer!
I can be a writer.
I can be a writer!
Thanks, Anna.
Hi, Pete. Hi, Anna.
Hi, Marsha. Excuse me, I have to go.
Where are you going?
I’m going to be a writer!
Good luck, Pete!
He does know that it’s not easy to be a writer, doesn’t he?
There are many different jobs you can have in Washington, D.C.
Pete wants to be a writer.
I wish him luck. Lots of luck.
Until next time!